For this project, I was tasked with implementing a client for a wordle game that communicates with the server using sockets with supported TLS encryption. I first setup the network connection with the server, creating a socket using socket.socket(socket.AF_INET, socket.SOCK_STREAM). If TLS encryption is specified, the socket is wrapped in an SSL context. I also define a parse_args function to get the hostname, port number and other necessary information from the user. There is also a load_word_list function that creates a list of the given words in words.txt. Functions are set up to allow the client to both send and receive data and encode/decode UTF-8. Sent data is terminated by '\n', which is also how the client receives messages from the server. The client receives the greeting and starts the game, selecting the first word from the list as a guess. The server then responds with the guess word's marks which the word list uses, updating itself to only include viable guesses given the marks. The client then continues to guess words from the newly filtered list. Once the client guesses correctly, the secret flag is printed.

Most of the challenges I faced were related to the feedback processing. There were issues accurately processing the feedback from the server, as my program wouldn't always interpret the guesses and marks correctly. This would often lead to the filtered word list being incorrectly updated, often seeing no more valid words and thus ending the program. Additionally, I had some difficulties with handling socket communication as I am a bit unfamiliar, but was able to eventually sucessfully connect to the server. 

I mainly tested my code by including debugging output and adding print statements to monitor the communication between client and server and check on certain values. In my filtering function, I displayed the initial word list length and words remaining after filtering. I also displayed the current guess with its marks for every retry as well as the entire server response to ensure there were no issues parsing.

